@c Copyright (C) 2018 Free Software Foundation, Inc.
@c This is part of the GCC manual.
@c For copying conditions, see the file gcc.texi.

@ignore
@c man begin COPYRIGHT
Copyright @copyright{} 2017-2018 Free Software Foundation, Inc.

Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.3 or
any later version published by the Free Software Foundation; with the
Invariant Sections being ``GNU General Public License'' and ``Funding
Free Software'', the Front-Cover texts being (a) (see below), and with
the Back-Cover Texts being (b) (see below).  A copy of the license is
included in the gfdl(7) man page.

(a) The FSF's Front-Cover Text is:

     A GNU Manual

(b) The FSF's Back-Cover Text is:

     You have freedom to copy and modify this GNU Manual, like GNU
     software.  Copies published by the Free Software Foundation raise
     funds for GNU development.
@c man end
@c Set file name and title for the man page.
@setfilename lto-dump-tool
@settitle offline lto dump tool
@end ignore

@node lto-dump-tool
@chapter @command{lto-dump-tool}---an Offline LTO Dump Tool

@menu
* LTO-Dump-Tool Intro::             Introduction to LTO Dump Tool.
* Invoking LTO-Dump-Tool::          How to use LTO Dump Tool.
@end menu

@node LTO-Dump-Tool Intro
@section Introduction to @command{lto-dump-tool}
@c man begin DESCRIPTION

@command{lto-dump-tool} is a tool you can use in conjunction with GCC to
analyze LTO object files.

@c man end

@node Invoking LTO-Dump-Tool
@section Invoking @command{lto-dump-tool}

@command{lto-dump-tool} accepts the following options:

@ignore
@c man begin SYNOPSIS
lto-dump-tool [@option{-list}]
     [@option{-demangle}]
     [@option{-defined-only}]
     [@option{-print-value}]
     [@option{-name-sort}]
     [@option{-size-sort}]
     [@option{-reverse-sort}]
     [@option{-no-sort}]
     [@option{-symbol=}]
     [@option{-objects=}]
     [@option{-type-stats}]
     [@option{-tree-stats}]
     [@option{-gimple-stats}]
     [@option{-dump-level=}]
     [@option{-dump-body=}]
     [@option{-help}] @var{lto-dump-tool}
@c man end
@end ignore

@c man begin OPTIONS
@table @gccltoopt
@itemx -list
Dump the symbol list.

@itemx -demangle
Dump the demangled output.

@itemx -defined-only
Dump only the defined symbols.

@itemx -print-value
Dump initial values of the variables.

@itemx -name-sort
Sort the symbols alphabetically.

@itemx -size-sort
Sort the symbols according to size.

@itemx -reverse-sort
Dump the symbols in reverse order.

@itemx -no-sort
Dump the symbols in order of occurence.

@itemx -symbol=
Dump the details of specific symbol.

@itemx -objects=
Dump the details of LTO objects.

@itemx -type-stats
Dump the statistics of tree types.

@itemx -tree-stats
Dump the statistics of trees.

@itemx -gimple-stats
Dump the statistics of gimple statements.

@itemx -dump-level=
For deciding the optimization level of body.

@itemx -dump-body=
Dump the specific gimple body.

@itemx -help
Display the dump tool help.

@end table

@c man end
